# Feelings Hub

# What it does 
Find the motivation and positive mindset you need to succeed with daily encouragement. This app is designed to inspire you with positive affirmations and self-talk — a proven technique to make your mind work for you. Choose the ones that resonate with your goals and learn how to reduce negative self-talk.
 
Our app is a one on one interacting chatting app where if you are suffering from mental health or you are depressed or just feeling low you can interact with highly motivated and enthusiastic people with whom you can interact and share all your problems and difficulties and get good suggestions, recommendations, and proper guidance
 
This app features handpicked motivational videos, quotes, and blogs from top motivational speakers around the world. It also covers the top asked questions and their answers for the people who are suffering from mental health and the people who wanted to be aware of mental health

# Inspiration
Mental health is a major concern worldwide and India is not far behind in sharing this. About 14% of the global burden of disease is attributed to neuropsychiatric disorders and in India WHO estimates that the burden of mental health problems in India is 2443 disability-adjusted life years (DALYs) per 100 00 population and the suicide rate percentage due to mental health is 21.1 percent in the last few years and it had increased more  due to spread of covid 19 virus. Mental health, loneliness, depression, etc are all serious issues in modern times but people are afraid to talk about them. Indian societies consider mental health as taboo due to which people are more afraid to talk about it and instead of getting support and help from the society they suffer alone. people who suffer from mental illness  needed  a medium to talk, to express themselves,they needed support and motivation . By remarking this importance we are creating an app where people who suffer from mental health can talk openly, share their problems and difficulties and  get motivated and be guided properly so that they can enjoy their life to fullest of it means. That's our sole purpose of making this app to bring happiness back in the life of people.